Animated Bottom Sheet/README.md, before:

# Animated Bottom Sheet

### Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Related Resources](#related-resources)
  * [Playgrounds](#playgrounds)

### Description
Demonstrates how you might go about creating an animated bottom sheet using two Frames.

The sheet is initially hidden, and shown from a button tap on the _main_ page. It can then be _re-hidden_ by tapping a button on the _sheet_ page, swiping down on the _sheet_ page, or tapping the _main_ page.

### Related Resources
This project was taken from a YouTube tutorial, [Animated Bottom Sheet in NativeScript Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeTol800wFQ&t=917s) by _Alexander Ziskind_. The two are essentially the same, except this project has more handlers for closing the _bottom sheet_.

### Playgrounds
---

| [Playground (JavaScript)](https://play.nativescript.org/?template=play-js&id=AxkpXa&v=3) |
| --- |
| ![QR Code JavaScript](AnimatedBottomSheet_JS.png?raw=true) |

---

| [Playground (TypeScript)](https://play.nativescript.org/?template=play-tsc&id=9tAzM4) |
| --- |
| ![QR Code TypeScript](AnimatedBottomSheet_TS.png?raw=true) |

---

<!--
| [Playground (Vue)](https://vue-playground-url-here) |
| --- |
| ![QR Code Vue](relative-path-to-vue-playground-qr-code.png) |
-->

---

<!--
| [Playground (Angular)](https://angular-playground-url-here) |
| --- |
| ![QR Code Angular](relative-path-to-angular-playground-qr-code.png) |
-->

Commit message:

Add Android back press behaviour to description

Animated Bottom Sheet/README.md, after:

# Animated Bottom Sheet

### Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Related Resources](#related-resources)
  * [Playgrounds](#playgrounds)

### Description
Demonstrates how you might go about creating an animated bottom sheet using two Frames.

The sheet is initially hidden, and shown from a button tap on the _main_ page. It can then be _re-hidden_ by tapping a button on the _sheet_ page, swiping down on the _sheet_ page, or tapping the _main_ page. And on Android if the bottom sheet is showing and the back button is pressed the bottom sheet will be hidden.

### Related Resources
This project was taken from a YouTube tutorial, [Animated Bottom Sheet in NativeScript Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeTol800wFQ&t=917s) by _Alexander Ziskind_. The two are essentially the same, except this project has more handlers for closing the _bottom sheet_.

### Playgrounds
---

| [Playground (JavaScript)](https://play.nativescript.org/?template=play-js&id=AxkpXa&v=3) |
| --- |
| ![QR Code JavaScript](AnimatedBottomSheet_JS.png?raw=true) |

---

| [Playground (TypeScript)](https://play.nativescript.org/?template=play-tsc&id=9tAzM4) |
| --- |
| ![QR Code TypeScript](AnimatedBottomSheet_TS.png?raw=true) |

---

<!--
| [Playground (Vue)](https://vue-playground-url-here) |
| --- |
| ![QR Code Vue](relative-path-to-vue-playground-qr-code.png) |
-->

---

<!--
| [Playground (Angular)](https://angular-playground-url-here) |
| --- |
| ![QR Code Angular](relative-path-to-angular-playground-qr-code.png) |
-->
